R4R: change --gas=simulate to --gas=auto when sending txs (#3170)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/gaia/gaiacli.md

::: tip Note
You may want to cap the maximum gas that can be consumed by the transaction via the `--gas` flag.

> If you pass `--gas=auto`, the gas limit will be automatically estimated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you pass `--gas=auto`, the gas supply will be automatically estimated before executing the transaction.
```
